---
title: "Reducing Price For Padlock Cloud"
date: 2017-10-09
publishDate: 2017-10-09
weight: 1
---

Since we [announced]({{< relref "pc-introducing-paid-plan.md" >}}) the
introduction of a paid plan for Padlock Cloud, one thing that has been a hot
topic both with our users and internally is the price point. Many people
pointed out that while $3.99 per month is not a huge sum, there are many
services that offer similar features for a lower price. Pricing is always a
tricky topic.  Developing and mainting a service like Padlock Cloud (and, by
extension, the Padlock app itself) is more costly and time consuming than many
people realize.  And with the Padlock app being completely free, income from
Padlock Cloud subscriptions is the only way to cover these costs.

However, we understand that for many people, $3.99 can be a hard pill to
swallow. We believe that applications like Padlock play a vital role in
protecting peoples privacy in an increasingly digitialized world and should be
accessible and affordable to as many people as possible. This is why today
**we're lowering the price of Padlock Cloud to only $1 a month**.  With this
price change also comes a change in the billing period to one year which will
help reducing the price by cutting down transaction costs (and, incidentally,
was requested by many users regardless of the price).

The new yearly plan is available effective immediately for all new users
signing up for a Padlock Cloud subscription via the [Padlock Cloud
Dashboard](https://cloud.padlock.io/dashboard/). If you have an existing active
subscription and want to switch over from the more expensive monthly plan,
simply [send us an
email](mailto:support@padlock.io?subject=Switch+Padlock+Cloud+Plan) and we'll
make the change for you. Of course the remaining time on your current billing
cycle will be credited towards the new plan.
