---
title: About Padlock
date: 2016-09-02T11:52:00+02:00
---

## Why use a password manager?

Passwords are everywhere. We need them to access our computers, our email
accounts and a ton of other services that we rely on. Unfortunately, passwords
are a poor way of authentication. Strong passwords are hard to remember and the
sheer number of different services makes it practically impossible to keep
track of all of your credentials. Most people try to mitigate this by composing
their passwords out of familiar things like names or birthdays, but these can
be guessed easily and do not provide sufficient protection. Password reuse,
which is also wide-spread, is even more dangerous and makes a lot of people
easy targets for hackers.  Password managers help you keep track of your
passwords by providing a secure storage that is protected by a single master
password. Good password managers keep your data safe by encrypting it with a
strong cipher like AES.

## What's so cool about Padlock?

We believe that software should not only be useful but also simple and fun to
use. Padlock is all about simplicity and usability. We deliberately left out
features that make other password managers unnecessarily complex and
potentially confusing. Padlock focuses only on the most essential
functionality. **No clutter, no distractions**. We also put a high value on
transparency and actively encourage inspection and contributions by other
developers.

## How can I use it?

Padlock is now available in the
[Chrome Web Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/padlock/npkoefjfcjbknoeadfkbcdpbapaamcif)
and on [iOS](https://itunes.apple.com/app/id871710139") and
[Android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.maklesoft.padlock).
If you want to run your own version or simply play around with the source code,
the project is available on [Github](https://github.com/maklesoft/padlock").

## Why should I trust you?

**You don't have to!** Padlock is completely open source and we actively
encourage developers to inspect the source code and offer contributions. This
not only makes it impossible for us to build in back doors but also helps to
identify and eliminate possible security flaws quickly and efficiently.

## What is Padlock Cloud?

Padlock Cloud is an online storage service for Padlock that allows you to
securely store your data in the cloud where you can access it conveniently from
all your different devices. You can connect to Padlock Cloud easily through the
Padlock app using nothing but your email address. Before being sent to our
servers, your data is always encrypted locally using your master password to
make sure no one can read it - not even we! Just like Padlock, Padlock Cloud is
completely open source. You can find the source code
[here](https://github.com/maklesoft/padlock-cloud). For more information on how
we handle your personal information, please read the [Padlock Cloud privacy
policy](/privacy/).
