---
title: Padlock Cloud Privacy Policy
date: 2016-09-02T11:52:00+02:00
---

This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned
with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used
online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information
that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or
locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read
our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect,
use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in
accordance with our website.

## What personal information do we collect from people using Padlock Cloud and when?

When connecting to Padlock Cloud through the Padlock app, you will be asked to
enter your email address.

## How do we use your information? 

Your email is primarily used as a means of authentication. Every time you
connect to Padlock Cloud from one of your devices, an email will be sent to you
with a confirmation link. Only after visiting this link will the connection
become active. Therefore, only people with access to your email account will be
able to access the information associated with it. In addition, we might use
your email address to inform you of new features, promotions or any
circumstances that might compromise the security of your data. You will be able
to opt out of receiving any emails that are not security-related.

## How do we protect visitor information?

Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only
accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to
such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In
addition, all sensitive information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket
Layer (SSL) technology. 

## Third Party Disclosure

We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally
identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice. This does
not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in
operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as
those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release
your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law,
enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or
safety. Additionally, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be
provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.

## Contacting Us

If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us
using the information below.

<table>
    <tr>
        <th>Contact Person</th>
        <td>Martin Kleinschrodt</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <th>Email Address</th>
        <td>contact@padlock.io</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <th>Postal Address</th>
        <td>Augustenstr. 80, 80333 Munich, Germany</td>
    </tr>
</table>
